(A) The preferred method of communication that your team will use outside of meetings
(examples: discord, wechat, group emails, etc):

Our preferred method of communication is by an app called wechat and we have already created a group chat
with all of the members.

(B) How frequently is everyone expected to check and respond to messages? Within 48 hours?
At least every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday?

Everyone is expected to be respond to messages within 48 hours.

(C) If you have to meet between Mondays to prepare for your weekly meeting with your TA,
what are two possible day/times when you could all meet?

We could meet on Monday 7:00pm - 9:00pm EDT or 11:am - 1:00pm EDT.

(D) What format do you want to use for the meeting? Zoom? A Bb Collaborate meeting set up by your instructor?
Using some other platform? (If you request a Bb Collaborate room, one will be created for you on Quercus
with "group_0XXX" as its name, where XXX will be replaced with your number.

 Our group can use either zoom or Bb collaborate for our TA meeting.

(E) How will you keep track of who is doing which task and what is its status? There are a number of apps for this like
Trello, Monday, etc or you could track it yourself on a shared Google Doc or something similar. Explain how your team
has decided to track the status of each task and identity of the person in charge of it.

we can track the task and status through a google doc or just through the group chat on wechat.

(F) If your team wants to have someone check in and make sure that each team member is doing okay and ask whether or
not they could use more people on a task, who will that person be? Will that role be given to different people on
different weeks? Alternatively, has everyone in the team agreed to report back to the rest of the team if a task
turns out to be more time-consuming than originally assumed?

Everyone has agreed to report back to the rest of the team if a task turns out to be more time consuming.

(G) Is there anything else that your team has agreed on? If not, you can just write "No".
No

(H) members participated:
Tony(Liang Zhi) Gui
Terry(Xiangyu) Tu
Andrea Radic
Chenxu Wang
Yifei Sun
Rilong Zhang
Kevin Sun
